>> Will: We are gonna
map through this folk,
line by line as we begin
to go through OOP.
Andrew, what are we doing?
>> Andrew: Defining user
one as that object.
>> Will: As that object,
excellent, there it is.
>> Will: Okay, now,
what properties are we storing on it?
Andrew, sorry Katie.
>> Andrew: Name scoring increment.
>> Will: Yep, and
what's the value in each?
I'm really just dragging
this out right now, Andrew.
So help me out.
>> Andrew: [LAUGH] Well,
three and that function.
>> Will: Well, what do we say?
Andrew, you're right.
Yes, we've declared the user1 object,
there it is.
Draw objects like this with name, will
score 3 and increment is what, Andrew?
>> Andrew: That function.
>> Will: That function definition,
and we call them methods, don't we,
when they're on object.
Is it being called at this point?
No, we just defined it,
associated the anonymous function value,
the function value with
the property increment.
And now we hit the next line of code.
Andrew, what's the next line of code
in the global execution context
tell us to do?
>> Andrew: Increment user 1.
>> Will: Yeah,
let's be really precise here.
I want to be really precise here.
Firstly what does it,
when it sees this line,
what's the first thing JavaScript
has to work out, Andrew?
>> Andrew: Get that object from.
>> Will: User 1 object, exactly.
Gotta go look for it and
see does this guy exist?
Yep, there is it.
And then does this
increment property exist?
There it is.
And does the function code,
it's a function, great.
So I can start creating everyone together,
a new?
>> Speaker 3: Execution context.
>> Will: Excellent,
beautiful such rich mellifluous tones.
Okay, indeed.
So in we go.
>> Will: Call stack gets user1.increment
on the top of it, global, just below.
And we have our local memory, okay.
Now, we know we got
the increment code from user1
function and
in here It says user1.score++.
So there's nothing being
declared in local.
Is user1.score++ is user1 here in local?
No it's not, so where do we look for
user1 in global,
cuz it's next on the call stack?
And what do we find?
We find score and we increment it to 4.
Perfect, our fundamental
goal of running a method
directly on our data
encapsulated in an object so
it's all bundled together in one place.
Which makes our lives so easy.
Cuz I can move this object use
the one anywhere in my code, and
know the functionalities is
gonna be available right on it.
This is wonderful for writing code scale.
We've achieved it here.